
Summary:1		He was discharged on April 12 and was recuperating at Chequers, the prime minister’s country house.
In his absence, each evening a rotating roster of cabinet ministers and two expert advisers have given the nation a coronavirus update from Downing Street.
The briefings are the antithesis of the fiery, freewheeling spectacle presided over by President Trump.
There is none of the gladiatorial combat of Mr. Trump’s clashes with reporters, none of the awkward moments when the leader second-guesses the scientists and no fulsome expressions of praise by subordinates.

Summary:2		“When I close my eyes,” Ms. Begum said, “I see my son shouting, ‘Mother, I want to see you.’”Eight months after India revoked Kashmir’s semiautonomous status and brought the region fully under its authority, doctors here say a state of hopelessness has morphed into a severe psychological crisis.
Mental health workers say Kashmir is witnessing an alarming increase in instances of depression, anxiety and psychotic events.

Summary:3		Kim Jong-un, North Korea’s ruler.
They are so good at restricting access.” So how do North Korea watchers try to discern what’s happening during moments like this?
In Pyongyang, it is called North Korea’s Forbidden City, because you cannot go there without showing your ID.
But it is where all of North Korea’s top officials have residences.” But from above, there are ways around the secrecy.
“You could tell if Kim Jong-un is in the office based on the guard deployments around the buildings.

Summary:4		A Ramadan Like No Other: Images From Around the WorldThe coronavirus pandemic is forcing Muslims to adapt, observing the holy month more at home than in the mosque, more online than in person, and with greater uncertainty about the future.

Summary:5		What if somebody in my family gets sick?
If the family member doesn’t need hospitalization and can be cared for at home, you should help him or her with basic needs and monitor the symptoms, while also keeping as much distance as possible, according to guidelines issued by the C.D.C.
If there’s space, the sick family member should stay in a separate room and use a separate bathroom.
If masks are available, both the sick person and the caregiver should wear them when the caregiver enters the room.
Make sure not to share any dishes or other household items and to regularly clean surfaces like counters, doorknobs, toilets and tables.

Summary:6		He said the virus also taught a lesson to smokers, saying they tend to suffer worse outcomes.
When a delegation from the World Health Organization turned up earlier this month to recommend precautions that were subsequently ignored, Mr. Lukashenko went on television to announce a cure.
“We have already found combinations of drugs to save people,” he said.
Those sick with Covid-19 “should not worry.”

Summary:7		Yet tiny lockdown weddings go against every instinct in cultures where family is all.
“In the Western world, marriage is about the couple coming together and being one,” said Roula Theodory, a co-owner of Cherry On Top, a Dubai event consultancy.
“The culture here is you have two families coming together.”

Summary:8		When will this end?
This is a difficult question, because a lot depends on how well the virus is contained.
A better question might be: “How will we know when to reopen the country?” In an American Enterprise Institute report, Scott Gottlieb, Caitlin Rivers, Mark B. McClellan, Lauren Silvis and Crystal Watson staked out four goal posts for recovery: Hospitals in the state must be able to safely treat all patients requiring hospitalization, without resorting to crisis standards of care; the state needs to be able to at least test everyone who has symptoms; the state is able to conduct monitoring of confirmed cases and contacts; and there must be a sustained reduction in cases for at least 14 days.

Summary:9		A blue latex glove reminds the viewer of the present day.
Her son lurks in the shadows.
“A grandiose, objectively occurring disaster,” Kandinsky said of this painting, is “similar to the hymn of a new creation.” Nodding to the coronavirus, Ms. Vasilenko quoted the words in her Facebook post and said she and her family “joined with Kandinsky’s optimism.”

Summary:10		More than a month has passed since María Alejandre, with other family members in Áporo, Mexico, has received money from her husband, who was working in the U.S.
It was her only source of income.
Credit... Alejandro Cegarra for The New York Times

Summary:11		When will this end?
This is a difficult question, because a lot depends on how well the virus is contained.
A better question might be: “How will we know when to reopen the country?” In an American Enterprise Institute report, Scott Gottlieb, Caitlin Rivers, Mark B. McClellan, Lauren Silvis and Crystal Watson staked out four goal posts for recovery: Hospitals in the state must be able to safely treat all patients requiring hospitalization, without resorting to crisis standards of care; the state needs to be able to at least test everyone who has symptoms; the state is able to conduct monitoring of confirmed cases and contacts; and there must be a sustained reduction in cases for at least 14 days.

Summary:12		The rangers were on their way back to the park, the oldest in Africa, when they spotted a civilian vehicle that had been attacked and came to its defense, park officials said in a statement.
But they came under “a ferociously violent and sustained ambush” about 11 a.m. on Friday near Rumangabo village, according to the statement.

Summary:13		That view has sparked daily protests and a movement in Congress to impeach him.
The Social Liberal Party, or P.S.L., a right-wing party Mr. Bolsonaro joined to run for president, issued a statement calling the events that led to Mr. Moro’s departure deeply disturbing and likely criminal.
Mr. Bolsonaro left the party in November after fighting with former allies.

Summary:14		What if somebody in my family gets sick?
If the family member doesn’t need hospitalization and can be cared for at home, you should help him or her with basic needs and monitor the symptoms, while also keeping as much distance as possible, according to guidelines issued by the C.D.C.
If there’s space, the sick family member should stay in a separate room and use a separate bathroom.
If masks are available, both the sick person and the caregiver should wear them when the caregiver enters the room.
Make sure not to share any dishes or other household items and to regularly clean surfaces like counters, doorknobs, toilets and tables.
